In chapter 4, I learned defect handling during the execution of specific QA activities and examine how different QA 
activities fit into different software processes, and examine the QA activities from the perspective of verification 
and validation (V&V), and try to reconcile this V&V view with our view of QA as different ways of dealing with defects.

In chapter 5, I studied something include other major activities associated with quality assurance (QA) for software
systems, primarily in the areas of setting quality goals, planning for QA, monitoring QA activities, and providing
feedback for project management and quality improvement.

In chapter 6, it is about concepts, issues, and techniques during testing.
The basic idea of testing involves the execution of software and the observation of its behavior or outcome. If a failure
is observed, the execution record is analyzed to locate and fix the fault(s) that caused the failure. Otherwise, we gain 
some confidence that the software under testing is more likely to fulfill its designated functions. We cover basic
concepts, issues, and techniques related to testing in this chapter.

Chapter 7 is about test activities, management, and automation.
I am familiar with all the major test activities individually, including test planning and preparation , test execution
and measurement, and test results analysis and follow-up. We also examine the roles and responsibilities of different 
people in carrying out these activities and the related management issues. Test automation issues are covered.

Chapter 8 is about coverage and usage testing based on checklists and partitions. This chapter, we describe several formal test techniques whose models are based on simple structures such as lists and partitions. In particular, the following topics are covered: We start with informal and semi-formal testing with the use of various checklists. These checklists are formalized into partitions to perform basic coverage based testing.The basic usage-based testing for partitions using a similar testing model called Musa's operational profiles (OPs) is described We also cover the procedure for developing OPs and present a comprehensive case study.

Chapter 9 is about input domain partitioning and boundary testing.
In this chapter, the idea of partition-based testing is applied to partition the overall input domain into sub-domains and to test them accordingly. However, the simple strategies for sub-domain coverage are found to be inadequate for many situations. This inadequacy is particularly noted in dealing with problems specifying or implementing the sub-domains involving numeric input variables. Many problems are commonly observed at the boundaries, leading us to examine various boundary testing strategies in this chapter.
